{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red244\green249\blue255;\red82\green90\blue101;
\red249\green249\blue249;\red33\green91\blue198;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96471\c98039\c100000;\cssrgb\c39608\c42745\c47059;
\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c16078\c44706\c81961;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Review criteria\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 less\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The submitted data set is tidy.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Github repo contains the required scripts.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 GitHub contains a code book that modifies and updates the available codebooks with the data to indicate all the variables and summaries calculated, along with units, and any other relevant information.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The README that explains the analysis files is clear and understandable.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The work submitted for this project is the work of the student who submitted it.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Getting and Cleaning Data Course Project\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 less\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \cb5 \strokec2 The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. The goal is to prepare tidy data that can be used for later analysis. You will be graded by your peers on a series of yes/no questions related to the project. You will be required to submit: 1) a tidy data set as described below, 2) a link to a Github repository with your script for performing the analysis, and 3) a code book that describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that you performed to clean up the data called CodeBook.md. You should also include a README.md in the repo with your scripts. This repo explains how all of the scripts work and how they are connected.\cb1 \
\cb5 One of the most exciting areas in all of data science right now is wearable computing - see for example\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.insideactivitytracking.com/data-science-activity-tracking-and-the-battle-for-the-worlds-top-sports-brand/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 this article\'a0}}. Companies like Fitbit, Nike, and Jawbone Up are racing to develop the most advanced algorithms to attract new users. The data linked to from the course website represent data collected from the accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone. A full description is available at the site where the data was obtained:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb5 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb5 Here are the data for the project:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb5 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb5 You should create one R script called run_analysis.R that does the following.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb5 Good luck!\cb1 \
}